the result
how are they working as they have seen
spend that bad drink not a little bit like
enjoy the topic now as with the
selection
but we can not do anything
how to neutralize the offensive system of
paraguay that also as a technician just
a match has been shown but but as
you imagine that clash with the front
and Paraguay
talk a little good had not been
all with the selection but in glass
america an incident not between Venezuelan
and Paraguayan in the semifinal have you
told something whenever there is a taste
special in that game against Paraguay
what have they told you
without more elementary than we have
that being we care now
same
we are thinking about very
special since obviously right now it's
forget about the incident so give the
synonyms is an america cup without this
past
What is it
some already played the defenders
It does not help much to also know
arrive at your individualities
the strength of each of them and that
always served but I will withdraw
from a story totally
different
they do not come like monkeys
paraguay
strong and harmonic to cut the
head those virtues of them that
overcome matches
you left the physicist and we have to
seize it
It took a while to be able to adjust some
things to take advantage of the freshness of
others you have to take the approach that
we have young people but that
they have all experiences of kenya
they are not players that we have not
prepared to reach the world and that
it's also worth the depth that we can
have in our selection talks about
possible variant changes that will see
but that conditioned the result or
simply the operation of the equipment
in the second
with a number of things